waiter
Please help me get a suit of clothes at random.
Sorry, sorry.
What wasn't intentional?
I think you did it on purpose.
Do you know how much my girlfriend's shoes are worth?
You can't afford to sell you.
Forget it, this ugly guy
I guess you don't even know the brand of my shoes.
Just pretend I stepped on dog shit today
This lady
Didn't you brush your teeth in the morning?
What do you mean?
What's that smell?
It stinks, it's really shameless
I was going to let you go
Let's talk about this first
Sure. How do you want to talk?
My girlfriend, these shoes are a limited edition with a big design.
The shoes are stepped on by you like this.
The shoes are all deformed.
You must compensate today.
I promise you don't want to go
How much are your shoes?
I will compensate you at the market price.
Lest you deny it
Do you know how much my shoes cost?
You dare to say that you will pay me at the market price.